Jian Dao,
don’t push your luck.
Is it so hard to have a meal?
Zhang Wen Xu,
I find you ridiculous.
Zhi Han is already 6 years old.
And you still don’t remember that she’s allergic to seafood?
A father like you
is really responsible.
Oh, this kid…
You can't eat seafood,
why didn’t you say so earlier?
Didn’t say so earlier?
I’ve told you many times,
did you remember?
Zhang Wen Xu,
you only think about yourself.
Why don’t you just say it?
Why did you call me here today?
What’s the point?
Just to have a meal.
A meal?
Zhi Han,
I don’t blame you.
I’ve been too busy before
and didn’t have time to learn about your tastes.
How about this:
from now on, Dad
will take you out for delicious food, okay?
Okay.
Zhang Wen Xu,
don’t even think about it.
Looks like Mom
doesn’t really want
Zhi Han to stay with Dad.
No.
Mom is a bad mom.
I want to stay with Dad.
Zhang Zhi Han,
are you being disobedient?
Zhi Han,
do you want to live with Dad?
Yes.
Zhi Han,
you don’t need Mom anymore?
You don’t want to go home with Mom?
No,
an empty room isn’t a home.
Dad’s house is home.
Good girl.
Come on,
let's eat.